Amulets:
    Amulets contain a random trait from a random monster from a given CR.
    The trait is standardised to not be tied to the creature. For example, "If the derro hits a target within 30 feet of it with a ranged attack with its aklys, it can use its bonus action to retrieve the aklys and make another attack against the same target" -> "If you hit a target within 30 feet of you with a ranged attack, you can use your bonus action to make another attack against the same target"
    As a free action at the start or end of a turn in combat, once per long rest, you can activate the trait contained by the amulet for a duration, granting you its effects.
    The duration of amulet effects is 2 rounds + 1 round for each amulet CR (not effect CR) above 1.
    When upgrading amulets, or rerolling with crafting items, you may choose to keep the existing effect instead of the new one.
    Upgrading: Feed an amulet other amulets totalling at least its current CR capacity to get +1 CR tier.

Prayer Stones:
    You can use any prayer stone to pray to any Deity, but when using the appropriate prayer stone, you get the option of skipping a step

Moving mods:
    Between any items so long as all mods are compatible with new item. Incompatible mods can be removed as part of the transfer.

Enchant rules:
    The same mod can't grant damage multiples times to the same instance of damage (e.g. "+2 fire and cold damage" will still only apply once to an attack that has both cold and fire).
    Die size increases increase the size of a single die (2d6 -> 1d6 + 1d8, 8d6 -> 5d6 + 1d8).

Rings:
    Max number of rings worn = prof bonus
    Max number of ring points used = char level + highest attribute modifier
    Sacrifice: Smash n rings together (n > 1) to get a choice of 1 from n unique new rings that can't be of the same type as any of the inputs.
    Synergy rings = rings whose name starts with "The" = rings whose purpose is to interact with other rings.

Uniques:
    Unique items are, lore-wise, failed attempts creating relics, or at replicating items from myths/folk stories
    Uniques on 2H weapons still only take up one enchantment slot
    Uniques cannot be moved to other gear slots, but can be moved within the slot + restriction

Relics:
    Relics related to a specific personality are unlocked at a certain quest state.
    Last relic level (10) is a choice of level (new random mod from list of mods available on artifact, upgrade existing mod of choice, new random mod)
    Characters have one armour relic slot, and one weapon relic slot. Any relic they put on will automatically get levelled to that level, but those levels are static once defined (can't de-attune and re-attune).
    Characters can level up their relic slots (separately) at the following costs:
        1:  0 (start),
        2:  40,
        3:  60,
        4:  80,
        5:  110,
        6:  140,
        7:  170,
        8:  200,
        9:  250,
        10: 300

TODO reconsider relic prices/vendor valuations?
    current average values of loot rolls: 25.5
                                          20
                                          0
                                          0
                                          0
                                          40
                                          25
                                          0
                                          40
                                          65
                                          0
                                          65
    This means ~115 loot rolls for 2x level 10 relics, not accounting for sold amulets + wealth mods

Helmets:
    Character enchants only, spawn with 20 points of mods
    Can be destroyed for 2 orbs of personality, regardless of mods
    Players can attempt to mend a fractured helmet:
        Each mod has 40% chance to stay the same, 30% to upgrade (to the next level), 30% chance to remove the mod completely
        Only character enchants are affected by this (non-char enchants can be added on creation via tarot cards)

Tarot:
    Tarot set turn ins must include exactly 4 cards unless specified otherwise
    Unless specified otherwise, the base result of a tarot turn in is a 20 point magic item on a random base
    Minimum enchant tags add random enchants from the general pool until the minimum is met. Major arcana/trump cards are applied last.

Orb of personality:
    Applying orb of personality either adds a new character mod or upgrades existing mod (or progresses an upgrade)
    After applying upgrade, if mod upgrade is not in progress, has chance to fracture (make unmodifiable) based on point value on the helmet

Vendor valuations:
    Helmets: N/A
    Mundane bases: 5
    Special bases: 25
    Ring: N/A
    Unique: 15 + base price
    Magical: base price + 35 if over 10 points of mods, otherwise base price + 15.
    Curios: 15
    Amulets: 10 * CR capacity
    Crafting items: 8
    Prayer stones: 20
    Relics: 60 + base price

Sales and services:
    Orbs of Flux: 5
    Orb of Balance: 40
    Orbs of Disavowment: 10
    Mundanes: 10

Tags (drawbacks/negative mods have no tags):
    Damage: Directly increases or grants damage (such as with an aura or thorns), either with flat additions or modifiers to the damage itself, ignore res/imm, minion damage, damage conversion
    Critical: Inflicts staggered, reduces crit req, improves crit damage (e.g. via adding crit dice), triggers effect on crit
    Accuracy: Grants AB, grants attacks advantage, grants enemies disadvantaged defence (dazed, staggered, blinded, restrained), grants DCs bonuses, lower enemy AC/saves
    Survivability: Grants AC, spell save bonuses/adv, advantaged defence, health regen, incoming healing, max HP, minion defences, change incoming damage
    Control: On enemies; Inflicts dazed/debilitated/frightened/rattled/slowed/sluggish/taunted/charmed/blinded/restrained/grappled, reduces speed, reduces accuracy, reduces damage, reduces attacks/actions
    Magic: Grants bonuses to spell slots, concentration, spell levels, spells known, non-accuracy/damage buffs to spell behaviour
    Wealth: Grants bonuses to loot found, sell value, improves loot searches directly (+investigation doesn't count)
    Utility: Grants other bonuses such as skill proficiencies/bonuses, languages, senses, speed, class points
